prompt_templates/edexcel_business_studies/discuss_prompt/discuss_few_shot_examples.md, before:

## Question:
Discuss the benefit to a business of using e-commerce.

## Mark Scheme:
Indicative_content:
  - Costs are lower as there is less need for retail outlets (AO1b).
  - Increased reach of the business - can sell beyond the immediate locality (AO1b).
  - This increases the potential profitability of the business as it will not have to pay rent on shops and other premises (AO3a).
  - This will lead to higher sales and therefore higher revenue. Providing costs do not increase by more, profits will increase (AO3a).
Level_0:
  criteria:
    - No rewardable material.
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 0
    minimum: 0
Level_1:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates elements of knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues, with limited business terminology used (AO1b).
    - Attempts to deconstruct business information and/or issues, finding limited connections between points (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 2
    minimum: 1
Level_2:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates mostly accurate knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues, including appropriate use of business terminology in places (AO1b).
    - Deconstructs business information and/or issues, finding interconnected points with chains of reasoning, although there may be some logical inconsistencies (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 4
    minimum: 3
Level_3:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates accurate knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues throughout, including appropriate use of business terminology (AO1b).
    - Deconstructs business information and/or issues, finding detailed interconnected points with logical chains of reasoning (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 6
    minimum: 5

## Context:

## Answer:
Using E-commerce lowers fixed costs, since there is no need for a high street location, therefore less contribution is required to break-even, as a result the margin of safely increases, therefore profit margin increases. This leads to an increased profit. Also, e-commerce provides larger markets to sell to, therefore larger economies of scale leading to the ATC falling. This allows the business to charge lower prices or a higher profit margin.

## Response:
'Lower fixed costs' is the first benefit, which is developed through 'since there is no need for a high street location' this is then linked to 'therefore less contribution is required to break-even' and 'as a result the margin of safety increases', which is linked to 'therefore profit margin increases' and finally 'this leads to increased profit'. Therefore, the candidate has provided 5 accurate linked strands following on from the first benefit. The candidate then moves onto a second valid benefit through 'provides larger markets to sell to' and provides more linked strands which logically follow. Thus, the candidate has, without any doubt, provided five linked strands and reaches Level 3 for A03a or 'Analysis'. The language used is accurate and the response is terminology heavy. The allows Level 3 to be awarded for 'Understanding' or A01b. The response was placed in Level 3 and awarded 6 marks.

## Question:
Discuss the benefit to a business of using e-commerce.

## Mark Scheme:
Indicative_content:
  - Costs are lower as there is less need for retail outlets (AO1b).
  - Increased reach of the business - can sell beyond the immediate locality (AO1b).
  - This increases the potential profitability of the business as it will not have to pay rent on shops and other premises (AO3a).
  - This will lead to higher sales and therefore higher revenue. Providing costs do not increase by more, profits will increase (AO3a).
Level_0:
  criteria:
    - No rewardable material.
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 0
    minimum: 0
Level_1:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates elements of knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues, with limited business terminology used (AO1b).
    - Attempts to deconstruct business information and/or issues, finding limited connections between points (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 2
    minimum: 1
Level_2:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates mostly accurate knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues, including appropriate use of business terminology in places (AO1b).
    - Deconstructs business information and/or issues, finding interconnected points with chains of reasoning, although there may be some logical inconsistencies (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 4
    minimum: 3
Level_3:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates accurate knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues throughout, including appropriate use of business terminology (AO1b).
    - Deconstructs business information and/or issues, finding detailed interconnected points with logical chains of reasoning (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 6
    minimum: 5

## Context:

## Answer:

## Response:
The candidate provides a benefit ‘fixed costs of the business are lower’ and this is
developed through ‘more profit is made for the same amount of revenue’ which is
linked to ‘thus they will break-even quicker’ which is developed through ‘thus they can start collecting retained profit quickly’. The logical analysis then breaks down since the next strand ‘thus margin of safety is larger’ does not naturally follow on from the point about retained profit. Thus, the response has three logical linked strands, enough to place it in Level 2. The answer also has mostly accurate terminology, again allowing the response to be placed in Level 2 for ‘Understanding’ or AO1b. Overall, the response was placed in Level 2 and was awarded 3 marks.

Commit message:

graded a mix of history and business

prompt_templates/edexcel_business_studies/discuss_prompt/discuss_few_shot_examples.md, after:

## Question:
Discuss the benefit to a business of using e-commerce.

## Mark Scheme:
Indicative_content:
  - Costs are lower as there is less need for retail outlets (AO1b).
  - Increased reach of the business - can sell beyond the immediate locality (AO1b).
  - This increases the potential profitability of the business as it will not have to pay rent on shops and other premises (AO3a).
  - This will lead to higher sales and therefore higher revenue. Providing costs do not increase by more, profits will increase (AO3a).
Level_0:
  criteria:
    - No rewardable material.
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 0
    minimum: 0
Level_1:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates elements of knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues, with limited business terminology used (AO1b).
    - Attempts to deconstruct business information and/or issues, finding limited connections between points (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 2
    minimum: 1
Level_2:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates mostly accurate knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues, including appropriate use of business terminology in places (AO1b).
    - Deconstructs business information and/or issues, finding interconnected points with chains of reasoning, although there may be some logical inconsistencies (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 4
    minimum: 3
Level_3:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates accurate knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues throughout, including appropriate use of business terminology (AO1b).
    - Deconstructs business information and/or issues, finding detailed interconnected points with logical chains of reasoning (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 6
    minimum: 5

## Answer:
Using E-commerce lowers fixed costs, since there is no need for a high street location, therefore less contribution is required to break-even, as a result the margin of safely increases, therefore profit margin increases. This leads to an increased profit. Also, e-commerce provides larger markets to sell to, therefore larger economies of scale leading to the ATC falling. This allows the business to charge lower prices or a higher profit margin.

## Response:
'Lower fixed costs' is the first benefit, which is developed through 'since there is no need for a high street location' this is then linked to 'therefore less contribution is required to break-even' and 'as a result the margin of safety increases', which is linked to 'therefore profit margin increases' and finally 'this leads to increased profit'. Therefore, the candidate has provided 5 accurate linked strands following on from the first benefit. The candidate then moves onto a second valid benefit through 'provides larger markets to sell to' and provides more linked strands which logically follow. Thus, the candidate has, without any doubt, provided five linked strands and reaches Level 3 for A03a or 'Analysis'. The language used is accurate and the response is terminology heavy. The allows Level 3 to be awarded for 'Understanding' or A01b. The response was placed in Level 3 and awarded 6 marks.

## Question:
Discuss the benefit to a business of using e-commerce.

## Mark Scheme:
Indicative_content:
  - Costs are lower as there is less need for retail outlets (AO1b).
  - Increased reach of the business - can sell beyond the immediate locality (AO1b).
  - This increases the potential profitability of the business as it will not have to pay rent on shops and other premises (AO3a).
  - This will lead to higher sales and therefore higher revenue. Providing costs do not increase by more, profits will increase (AO3a).
Level_0:
  criteria:
    - No rewardable material.
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 0
    minimum: 0
Level_1:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates elements of knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues, with limited business terminology used (AO1b).
    - Attempts to deconstruct business information and/or issues, finding limited connections between points (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 2
    minimum: 1
Level_2:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates mostly accurate knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues, including appropriate use of business terminology in places (AO1b).
    - Deconstructs business information and/or issues, finding interconnected points with chains of reasoning, although there may be some logical inconsistencies (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 4
    minimum: 3
Level_3:
  criteria:
    - Demonstrates accurate knowledge and understanding of business concepts and issues throughout, including appropriate use of business terminology (AO1b).
    - Deconstructs business information and/or issues, finding detailed interconnected points with logical chains of reasoning (AO3a).
  marks_awarded:
    maximum: 6
    minimum: 5

## Answer:
The fixed costs of the business are lower thus more profit is made for the same amount of revenue (profit=revenue-total costs) thus they will break even quicker thus they can start collecting retained profit quickly thus margin of safety is larger thus they have more money to expand the business (making new brick and mortar stores) thus total revenue increases.

## Response:
The candidate provides a benefit ‘fixed costs of the business are lower’ and this is
developed through ‘more profit is made for the same amount of revenue’ which is
linked to ‘thus they will break-even quicker’ which is developed through ‘thus they can start collecting retained profit quickly’. The logical analysis then breaks down since the next strand ‘thus margin of safety is larger’ does not naturally follow on from the point about retained profit. Thus, the response has three logical linked strands, enough to place it in Level 2. The answer also has mostly accurate terminology, again allowing the response to be placed in Level 2 for ‘Understanding’ or AO1b. Overall, the response was placed in Level 2 and was awarded 3 marks.
